Update pwa-in-play.md (#115)
chromeos/chromeos.dev: pages/en/publish/pwa-in-play.md

### Signing Key

> Your signing key designates you as the original author of the app and any updates that are made to that app need to use the original signing key used. When initializing your project, Bubblewrap will ask for your existing key or create a new key for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your signing key designates you as the original author of the app and any updates that are made to that app need to use the original signing key. When initializing your project, Bubblewrap will ask for your existing key or create a new key for you.
```

!!! aside.message--warning

> Protect this key as if this key is lost, it may make it impossible to update to your application in Google Play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is very important to protect and not lose this key. If this key is lost, it may make it impossible to update to your application in Google Play.
```

Reviewer: Does it make it ~impossible~ or just very difficult to update your app?

Author: Very difficult. Will update.
